Edits from KB reports (#4305)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/drag_and_drop/dnd_email_style_settings.md

![Basic styling options that include options to edit the email and content background colors, default font name, and default link color.][2]

### Custom font

With custom fonts, you can manually add a web font for branding consistency across various email platforms. Currently, you can only add one custom font per section (Basic, Title, and Text).

> To add a custom font, click **Add a custom font** and enter the font's name and source file URL. This source file URL must point to a style sheet like a CSS file. For the **Font Name** field, enter the same font name as your custom font source file. Ensure that the name is capitalized and spaced correctly. Enter the corresponding **Font URL**. Next, check that the preview shows your custom font before saving. Finally, click **Save** to use the custom font as your default email font. 

Reviewer: Thoughts on formatting as list for readability?
```suggestion
To add a custom font:

1. Click **Add a custom font**.
2. Enter the font's name and source file URL. This source file URL must point to a style sheet like a CSS file. For the **Font Name** field, enter the same font name as your custom font source file. Ensure that the name is capitalized and spaced correctly. Enter the corresponding **Font URL**. 
3. Check that the preview shows your custom font before saving. 
4. Click **Save** to use the custom font as your default email font. 
```
